hello this is Sammy with special needs
apps for kids in order to register your
iPad you're going to need a computer
that has itunes you need your iPad and
cable and you're going to need your
Apple ID and password so the first thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to undo the
multifunction table and that's pretty
easy I'm going to plug it one and into
iPad and you can see right there and
notice this cable there's going to be a
little on cable symbol is gonna be a
little icon right here on one side and
that's how you know it's up so so let me
plug that in so I plugged it in there
the next thing I'm going to do is I'm
going to find the USB connector on
computer so i plugged in it the last
thing I'm going to do is I'm going to
turn on the computer so you can see that
once I turned on the computer let's get
it inside frame so that the ipad has
done something and the computers
actually launched up iTunes so that's
the first thing that's happened now one
of the things that I've already done
with this machine is i've already logged
in to itunes and i have an itunes
account so you're going to need an
itunes account regarding an ipod you're
going to need a computer you need the
power cable and so the first thing I'm
going to do is it actually sees the ipad
here and that's what i'm doing here and
you want to register the ipad and then
set up the itunes account store so i'm
going to go ahead and register i'm going
to accept the license agreement click OK
and hit continue and then what it's
doing right now is it's pulling up the
account so I had already logged into the
itunes account previously with this
computer but
if you didn't it would it would ask you
to create an account and I'll and I'll
do that for a later video but what we
have here is login I'm going to turn the
video off while I login ok so I have
typed in the login and now i'm going to
log in so I that's my my my apple ID my
password and I'm going to hit continue
and it's going to pull some statistics
my address is going to confirm my
address I don't want you so I'm going to
turn that off and then you can choose to
give them questions about the
registration and I've already gone
through all this so I'm just going to
leave them as he is a nut I'm going to
hit submit so I'm going to name this
iPad and so I've got this Arbor school
ipad of 5 is what I'm going to name this
is is automatically sync songs to iPad
I'm going to turn that off because i
don't have songs here and then add new
photos i'm going to turn that off and
automatically sync apps i'm going to
leave that turned on so on might be six
songs i've turned off for you you if you
want to add some songs for kids that's
on here you can do that or i turn it off
and then I I only add some of the songs
for my kids and then I turn off the
photos and I only had some of the photos
so you can create a folder on here that
says photos for ipad and then just think
that so all of them and and then
automatic sync apps I definitely want to
do that so that I'm done and so what
it's doing right now up here right here
it's finishing a singing process and you
can see that on the iPad itself it says
sinking in progress so this may take a
little bit to do but this is basically
and it started to give me some messages
the app wheels was not installed on the
iPad harbor school 5 because you are not
authorized for it on this computer
okay alright so i think that's it so it
says ipad sync is complete okay to
disconnect so that is registering your
iPad so I Pratt is now register and I
can prove that so that when I unhook
this and see so I want to power it on no
it's in standby mode so I've just hit
this button and then unlock and now
because this is registered on it's now
booting up with on the apple screen and
then it gives me some messages that I
can clear through alrighty thank you